sql: fix wrong argument order in sqlMatchSpanName (#9472)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/gh-9445-wrong-argument-order.md

## bugfix/sql

> * Fixed an bug where an incorrect query result could be returned if tables
>   participate in a join and their names meet certain conditions. The bug was
>   added in 3.0.0-beta1 in issue gh-4467 (gh-9445).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a bug when an incorrect query result could be returned if tables
  participated in a join and their names met certain conditions. The bug was
  added in version `3.0.0-beta1` in issue gh-4467 (gh-9445).
```

Author: Thanks, fixed.
